It’s going to be 40 degrees where I am emailing this from which means I’m staying indoors and blasting the air-conditioning. 



It’s been great to see the first pledges come through super quick after launching the website last week. I’m loving seeing the support for the project a second time around, plus the juicy details that you’ve been offering up with your pledges - very interesting cache names and ideas coming through - keep it up!



If you are intending on participating and still don’t have a clear idea of your hide yet, you can still go ahead and pledge here: https://irc-gc.com/pledge. Just follow the prompts and you’ll add to our stats as we move towards February. So cool to also see our first official IRC26 hide locked in for the 14th (thanks GHHH - exceeding expectations!) 



I’ve been busy this week reaching out to CO’s I’ve never spoken to before across the country to invite them to be part of IRC26. I’ve heard back from the South Australian Godfather of Geocaching. I’ve seen snap shots of incredible gadget caches. I’m chatting with COs in different time zones. The response I am getting back from the community is super positive, strangers quickly becoming cache rain comrades and offering to help spread the word to their circles. This is encouraging to see - the more response I get, the more I push forward with my outreach. With this exercise, I am realising how building a strong community is the life blood of our game. If we can connect the communities together, I wonder how this will elevate the experience for everyone?



A personal milestone of mine is to see each state participating  and as you can see from my screen shot, we are almost there. When I see all states in our stats, then I know IRC26 truly has wings. 



Thanks to the COs who have posted our little images on fb and who are spreading the word - that helps a lot and I appreciate your support.



Who was the last CO you gave a FP to? Reach out to them and invite them to join in the fun. Feeling shy? Flick me their name and I’ll happily reach out for you. 



Keep going and let’s see those pledges numbers growing,  