It’s a lazy Sunday afternoon, and I’m relaxing at home (no, not out caching, I did that in the 42 degree heat yesterday in Sydney). I check my gc emails and… ooooh…. Finder XYZ has found My Cache GCABC...and it looks like they’ve written some nice sentences, no wait, paragraphs about their journey to GZ and the discovery of my cache creation. Juicy. 



Instantly, dopamine is released  into my brain. I sit slightly straighter in my chair, and my eyes scour the lines of text, keen to learn of the experience that this cacher has had. Was it a tale of adventure? Of intrigue? Of up to no good shenanigans? Where did they travel from, where are they going to? What did they think and how did they feel when they finally were able to sign the log? I’m super curious and I want to know. 



A well crafted log is the currency of our game, the more words we weave, the higher in value we perceive the cache we have found - a small note of love and a token of thanks. Reading someone's account of what they have just experienced because of our cache is such a unique delight and it somehow packs enough punch to make us want to get up and start working on that next cache idea waiting to come off the conveyor belt. Creativity begets creativity. 



I was talking to a CO from SA earlier this week. She asked me to think about what kind of “cacher I was”.  Interesting question that I hadn’t really pondered before, and my reply was: “I’m not sure, but my favourite part of the game is the log writing.” True fact as you can probably assert from my weekly updates. Log writing has taken me to imaginative places beyond GZ. If I reflect, I’ve been to Vermont and back (it took me 2.5 hours). I’ve translated poetic thinking into German. I’ve created a puzzle log for a puzzle cache. I’ve almost slain a dragon and had a near death experience because of it - it’s all in my logs. Regardless of the D/T rating, the fps, or the cache size, I'll always try and write something interesting to give back to the CO. 



Our stats are looking mighty fine. I’m loving that the number of pledges have hit  triple digits. I’m loving that QLD and ACT hides have hit double digits. I’m loving there are 69 COs from around the county all simultaneously working on IRC26 and there are more coming on board. 



I wonder what kind of logs you’ll all receive from the hides you’ve been creating?