A question for you to ponder: 

Where would you be today if you hadn't met other geocachers at an event?

I think my answer to that question would be a sad one. 

I wouldn't have half as much enthusiasm for the game if I didn't know the other players around me.

Who would I have borrowed my first tree fish TOTT from (and asked what a tree fish was + what 'TOTT' stood for?!), who would have helped me hide my first cache, who would have got me hooked into mystery puzzles?  Nudges would be non-existent, as would PAFs. Most of my finds wouldn’t have been found if I attempted to get to GZ solo. 

My best geocaching moments have been in the company of great co-conspirators; IRC was born because my immediate circle of cachers believed in the idea and supported it with enthusiasm. 

Let's face it, if I hadn't been warmly invited to a local event almost 2 years ago, I would have probably found 31 geocaches and slowly faded out of the world of gc, never to be logging a find again. 

It’s important to gather with like minded people who need no explanation as to why you are losing sleep trying to solve a D4.5/T4 puzzle, trekking out into the middle of nowhere to find a TB or searching next to an expressway in 42 degree heat for a tiny thing that’s been there since 2004 (that was me on the weekend). You don't need to say anything - we understand. And with that understanding comes kindness, patience, a sense of humour not to mention loads of fun. Camaraderie of the best sort. We need more of these things around us, always. 

The connection I have with other cachers has kept me playing the game and loving it more, and I have events to thank for that. 

Tonight, I’ve been invited to speak with PurpleCacheEater and cosmonaut97 on the podcast Geocaching DownUnder, and I’m keen to chat about IRC26. I admire their mission to develop an online tribe and bring people together. It’s a great place to gather, especially if you are unable to make it to an event in person. 

You can join in the fun here: 

FB: https://www.facebook.com/events/1351950036684007
YT: https://www.youtube.com/live/bBSrfZ8_2iA?si=Jx5SWieYoHSAnEAL


Announcing: It's About To Rain Down Love...💚☔️ Pre-IRC26 Events

It was awesome to be approached by Toy Hunters in Canberra and Samuel737 in Newcastle, both offering to host Pre-IRC26 events in their area, alongside my event in Sydney the week leading up to Valentine’s Day. 

Keep your eyes on this list for events as they get added: https://coord.info/BMF5ZB1

If you’d like to be a Pre IRC26 host for your area, please reply to my email with your event ideas specifying Date + Time + Location + Details and I can supply you with IRC26 artwork ready to load onto your event page - super easy. 

It doesn’t have to be fancy either, just pick a place you love and let’s invite others to gather. 

I’d love to see this happen Australia wide and welcome anyone who would like to co-host. 

Here’s to GC Events and the magic that can happen from them,
